There is something undeniably
captivating about a woman who is not an
open book for everyone. She doesn't
share her every thought. She doesn't
share her every emotion. She keeps
people guessing and she gives people
just enough information to get to know
her, but not enough so they keep wanting
to know more about her. Hi guys, welcome
back to my channel. My name is Michaela
and today I want to talk about 10 things
that you should never share as a woman
in order to stay mysterious. Let's get
into this. The first thing is the reason
why you left. If it's from a
relationship, if it's a job, if it's a
situation, you should never share why
exactly you left. First of all, you
don't owe anyone the full story. And
second of all, the more information you
give, the more people will start to talk
and they will interpret their narrative
about the situation and you will hear at
the end of the day a complete different
story about you because you gave a bit
too much information for other people to
talk about. When I'm, for example, at an
event and I have to go early, I'm not
saying anything. I'm saying I have to go
now and I don't need to justify. I don't
need to say why. I don't need to
explain. Even when people ask, I say I
just have to go. That's just it. There
is no reason I have to give to anyone.
And that's what makes you so captivating
when you do that. If you think about in
any of your friends group or maybe even
in school or in any situation where
there were a few people gathering
together and one woman left without
giving an explanation why she left. This
makes her mysterious. People keep
wondering what she's doing, why she's
leaving early. It gives you a sense of
priority and other people will kind of
put you on a pedestal and they give you
actually free head space in their head
which is great. People thinking and
talking about you is a great thing. The
same with a job, the same with a
relationship or a friendship. Of course,
when you are leaving a job, you need to
tell your boss why you're leaving most
of the time. But if you're talking about
it to your friends, to even your family,
to anyone, you don't need to explain why
you left. And that's what makes people
curious. People want to know why did you
leave. But if you are saying, I left
because I didn't feel respected
or I left because I didn't feel good
enough. Whatever the reason actually
was, you again give people a reason to
put you kind of in a box and to make
opinions about you. The more you
explain, the easier it is for others to
create their narratives in their favor.
The next thing is what you do when
nobody is watching. When nobody is
watching, it's for a reason that nobody
is watching. You do the hard work. You
do the hustling, the late night shifts,
the taking care of yourself, the endless
long skin care, night care routine,
whatever it is, when nobody is watching.
If it's not helping them, if you do not
want to give them a guide to do
something better, do not share it.
Always let your results speak. And when
people see that you have achieved
something, that you have changed, that
you're looking differently, and they
don't know what exactly you did, they
are curious. Right now, for example, I
have 30 million views on Instagram on a
real and people are curious what I did.
They don't know how many nights I was
awake, how many hours I have worked for
that, how many videos I have created,
cuted. Nobody knows exactly what I did
to make this happen. And now people are
curious. They want to know how did you
do that. And if I'm going to share it,
then it's for the sake of making them
learn from my mistakes and from my
process. So if I'm sharing it, it has to
be something beneficial for them. But I
was not sharing anything before the
result. I would never go to my friends
before this happens, share on my story.
I'm going to make 30 million. I'm
working every day super hard. It doesn't
really create that curiosity if I'm
oversharing already everything in the
process. And I have a friend, she is
sharing her every single step. And yeah,
it's nice sometimes, but to be honest,
if you really want
to create that mystery around you, you
really take away a big part of that by
sharing your every move. The next thing
is your past relationships, especially
the bad moments. If you're meeting a new
guy, if you're dating someone new and
you had traumas in your past
experiences, in your past
relationships, do not do never share it
with your new boyfriend, with your new
date. Because by doing that, you are
saying this is what I allowed to myself.
If someone was abusive to you, if
someone manipulated you, if someone
cheated on you in your past
relationship, and you tell your new
relationship, "This happened to me and I
forgive that person." Or even if you
say, "This happened to me and I left."
Your new boyfriend, your new man will
think, "This woman let this thing happen
to her. This woman lets a man in her
life that treats her this way. She
didn't even see the red flags before.
She didn't even notice the behavior, the
manipulation. That's what you're really
telling that other person, that new
boyfriend. So, if you're talking about
your past relationships, always make
things up if it was not that good. Say
that your past relationship was amazing.
You got spoiled. You received the
biggest love. You received all the
cuddles. You received the nicest life,
but you decided to cut this
relationship. You decided to walk away
because he didn't want to marry or
because you were aspiring different kind
of lifestyles. You wanted to travel
more. Your ex partner didn't want to
travel. Honestly, sometimes
just create stories in order to make you
look better. Your new boyfriend will
think, "Oh, I have to top this up. I
have to be better than the ex. I have to
do more in order to make her stay." The
next thing is your deepest desires. The
moment you reveal what you truly desire,
you give away so much of your
information of yourself, where people
can attack you, where people can try to
project their fears onto you, where
people can try to sabotage you and your
path unconsciously or consciously. I'm
not saying everyone is mean, everyone
wants something bad for you, but what
I'm saying is that many, many people,
they do not want to see you win
unconsciously because it reveals their
biggest fears. When you have a friend
and your friend feels uncomfortable in
her life and she sees you winning over
and over again, at some point she will
want to sabotage you unconsciously. And
honestly, I know people in my friend's
circle. We're not very close friends.
But the ones who are secretly watching
my story and seeing that I'm like having
viral videos, making good money, they
are not commenting on my reals, they are
not commenting on my pictures, they are
not liking them because suddenly they
see that I have so many views and maybe
they feel some resentment. They do not
think I deserve it. And yeah, that's
just how humans are. When I have less
views, when I had less followers, they
were liking and commenting everything.
But once you achieve something that your
friends maybe want to achieve as well,
they are getting jealous unconsciously
or consciously. So the point is never
share your desires before you actually
made it happen. If I would share before
I want to have 30 million views, I
probably would get comments from my
friends, from people around me that
that's ridiculous or I should make
something different then I need to do it
in a different way or whatever it is.
Others will always project their fears
onto you in order for you to not show
them, hey, it's possible. I went through
your fear and I made it happen. because
that's uncomfortable. The next thing is
never share who you are studying. Many
people are too busy to be seen by others
that they would not take note on what
the people around are doing and who the
people around are. There is just so much
information everyone is giving through
speech. But there is so much more
information that you know while
observing and studying someone. So if
you want to be a mysterious woman and
you are in a group of people do not just
be loud just overshare everything sit
back be quiet and observe first of all
while observing as I said you will
notice so many things and you don't need
to say or speak about what you have
observed you can just make a mental note
in your head and you will know oh okay
so this person right now got a bit
defensive about a mistake she made. What
you have as a conclusion here is that
she's probably a person who cannot
really take accountability. And that's a
mental note that you can take. When you
see in a group of your friends or in a
group of people that someone is reacting
really badly and jealousy out of the
nowhere, then you will know who this
person is and you have a mental note.
You don't even need to talk about it
anymore. And I can tell you one personal
example. I was always going to play
mafia. It's a game with a lot of people
and there are 20 people on a table.
We're all playing. I was coming to this
group as a new joiner and I just
observed in the beginning. I was just
observing how people are reacting, how
they are saying hello to me, how they
are welcoming me in the group. And I
noticed there was one girl, she was
super rude with her demeanor, with the
way she was looking at me, the way she
was talking to me. It was just in a very
rude and unfriendly way without even
knowing me, without even knowing my
name. And from that moment on, I knew
already we are not going to be friends.
like I had my mental notes that she is
not a person where we are on the same
level. We're not on the same vibration
to get along well. So I just kept going
to play mafia in that game. I kept being
there and at the end it turned out that
she and a few others they were creating
narratives about me because I didn't
share enough. I didn't tell them what I
work. I didn't tell them why my
Instagram name is Flagita and not
Michaela. I didn't tell them anything
about my personal life. And they were
talking obviously. And with my mental
note, of course, I knew already these
people, they're not going to talk
something good when they're talking
about someone else. the craziest stories
came out which these people kept talking
about me and kept creating a narrative
of what bad person I am and that's a way
you will always know people before their
actions I could be then super
disappointed because I thought we are
friends I thought we are good but no I
knew already what kind of people these
were and I knew already that something
is going on because I took my mental
note because I was observing the whole
group. So at the end when someone thinks
they are playing you because you read
between the lines you are already two
steps ahead of them and you knew already
before the whole thing came up. The next
thing is never reveal your full extent
of connections. In today's world
everywhere I think it's so important to
have the right connections. So when you
share which connections you have, of
course, people are going to plan their
moves around you to get to that
connections, always keep them guessing.
Always make them believe whatever they
want to believe, but do not share which
exact connections you have and how far
these connections go to. At the end,
when you're oversharing, you're also
overgiving. Because when people know you
have a connection to something they
need, they going to do everything and
anything until they got that connection
as well through you and then they will
leave you hanging like you were nothing
good. It happens to so many people. It
happened to me. So just do not share
this information at all. And if you want
to attract more people, just say you
have more connections than you actually
have, you will see how people are coming
like flies to the light and wanting to
connect with you, wanting to be with
you, wanting to get some piece of your
connections. The next and super
important point is your
weaknesses. Never ever share your
weaknesses. And this is not about do not
share your vulnerable side. No, this is
about be careful with sharing your
weaknesses and especially the ones
you're still fighting on, with giving
away the information about your
weaknesses. You are giving away power to
other people and they can use it to hurt
you. They can use it to harm you in some
way. And it's not about having no
weaknesses. We all have weaknesses. But
if you share it to some audience, if you
share it to the wrong people especially,
you can end up being really hurt. You
can end up being super manipulated
because you share too much. If you share
for example that you are really afraid
and hurt by abandonment that you cannot
do well when people leave you. Believe
me some people will do exact that in
order to hurt you in order to get from
you what they want. You always need to
be prepared. You always need to know my
weakness is my weakness and it should be
always mine. It's not anything that you
need to share to anyone. And I made this
mistake so many times because I was
really a girl who was oversharing her
whole life, her everything. And I paid
for that many, many times. One of my
weakness a few years ago was that I
always gave too much. I always did and
gave way too much than what I got back.
So I had a friend and I was giving her
my all, my everything all the time. And
one time we had a disagreement and I
told her listen it hurts me because I am
a person who always gives so much. So
even if I need you but you need me too,
I would come to you and I would give
you. I would overextend myself and
that's why it hurts me so much. And
after that she kept doing that on
purpose. Every time I needed something
from her, she put herself in a position
where suddenly she needed something from
me and I came short at the end. She was
never there for me. She never did
anything what I needed. She was never
available when I needed her over and
over again. And she used this weakness
to manipulate me and to get the most out
of it for herself. Apart from that,
these people are anyways not your
friends and not good people to have them
around. It's just important that you do
not even let this happen. Protect
yourself before you get into a situation
that you will regret. The next thing is
what you will tolerate. If you share
what you will tolerate, guess what?
People are going to test you. People are
going to be like, "I'm going to try this
out if you really do not tolerate this."
If you really do not tolerate something,
don't say it. Just act on it. If you
have a man and you tell him, "Next time
you're coming late home without giving
me notice, I'm not going to cook." This
guy is going to try you. This guy is
going to see if you really do what you
say. If you say, "If you scream one time
more at me, I'm going to leave." This
guy is going to try your boundaries and
is trying to see if you stick to your
word. So better, you just don't say
anything, but you act on it. Next time
he doesn't come home on time without
telling you, you just do not have food
prepared. Next time he's screaming at
you, you are walking out the door. Or if
it's your door, tell him to get out of
this door immediately. And that's the
only way how you make clear what you
will tolerate and what not. The next and
the last thing is your financial
situation. Honestly, do never ever share
to anyone your financial situation. If
it's good or bad, do not say anything
about your finances. Your finances are
your security if you have something and
your weakness if you don't have
anything. So people are going to either
use you to get something from you or use
this information against you because
they know you don't have anything and
they will use and manipulate that
situation because they know you are
stranded without them. So in whatever
situation you are do never share in
which financial situation you are. At
the end of the day of course you can
share whatever you want. These are just
tips what I experienced and also from my
friends. I know it's better to never
share them because you will protect
yourself already from so many
disappointments and you will save
yourself from so many things. I know
it's nice to connect with people to
share a lot from yourself but just be
careful with what you share. This is not
just about protecting yourself, but also
about creating that mystery around you.
Because if you're mysterious, people
just want to know more about you. They
want to get to know you. They want to
know what this is that makes you
mysterious, what this is that you do.
And the other thing I mentioned earlier,
it's great when people talk about you.
If you give them already all
information, there is less space for
them to talk about you. But you want
people to talk about you. If they talk
good or bad, you want them to talk
because that's what makes you powerful.
That's what makes you be present in
anyone's lives. That's what makes you
famous if you want to be famous. because
there will be always those people who
will hate you and there will always
those people who will love you. Anyways
guys, I hope this could help. I hope you
can take something from that video and
create that mystery around you and above
all protect you from people who want to
harm you. Thank you so much for
watching. I love you so so much.
Bye-bye.